added requirement to support web-based key resolution for verifier at… (#53)
vcstuff/oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc: draft-oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc.md

   * Authorization Request MUST be sent using the `request_uri` parameter as defined in JWT-Secured Authorization Request (JAR) [@!RFC9101].
   * `client_id_scheme` parameter MUST be present in the Authorization Request.
   * `client_id_scheme` value MUST be either `x509_san_dns` or `verifier_attestation`. Wallet MUST support both. Verifier MUST support at least one. (pending OID4VCI PR #524 for verifier_attestation)

>    * Verifier attestions MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * To obtain the issuer's Public key for verification, verifier attestions MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.
```
It should be clearer web-based key resolution for which key

>    * To obtain the issuer's public key for verification, verifiers MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * To obtain the issuer's public key for verification, verifiers MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.
```

>    * To obtain the issuer's Public key for verification, verifier attestions MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * To obtain the issuer's public key for verification, verifiers MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with this suggested change.

>    * To obtain the issuer's Public key for verification, verifier attestions MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.terbu-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.

Reviewer 2: Now I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc

Author: changed it
